README_template.md, before:

# Offline-docs

A collection of scripts to build offline documentation for your favourite
frameworks/libraries. Simply search, copy/paste the commands and enjoy.

## Available tools

<!-- project_count -->

<!-- toc -->

## But why? / Motivation

Learning or working on a new language often requires referring to the official
docs multiple times. With the rise of **Static Site Generation (SSG)** many
documentation sites are now open-source and can be built for offline usage. This
project aims to collect all such websites and the build commands to have a
knowledge of widely used SSG tools.

## How to contribute

- `project_groups.yml` file contains categories of websites and `data_file`
  pointing to a file in `projects` directory which contains a list of projects
  belonging to the corresponding group.
- Every file in `projects` directory is a list of projects with each project
  consisting of following information.
  - name, website, description, repo, commands, output_dir, last_tested, note,
    license
- Modify suitable file in `projects` directory and add all information for a new
  project.
- If the project doesn't suits any existing category, add information about new
  category in `project_groups.yml` file.

## How to complain about faulty scripts

Open an issue with as detailed error messages as possible.

## Disclaimer

> All the content generated using the scripts mentioned in this repository are
> copyright of the owners of the repo from which the documentation is generated.
> Only use the generated content for personal use. Terms and conditions for
> sharing/modifying/distributing the generated content will be applicable as per
> the license terms of the original repo.

## How to use this repo

1. Find the framework/library/tool for which you want to build the documentation
   (you can search in the [Available Tools](#available-tools) or with
   <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F</kbd>)
1. Open a new terminal
1. Copy paste the commands shown
1. Open the output dir as mentioned in the last command (or) unarchive the
   .tar.gz file in your preferred location and rename the folder
1. Use any static site serving tools like
   [serve (npm package)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve) or simply
   `python -m http.server`. (We recommend using serve package)

<!-- content -->

---

## Todo

- [ ] Auto update of README.md on push to main
- [ ] Mozilla Developer Network

---

Visit my blog for latest articles related to web development
[https://naveennamani.github.io/blog](https://naveennamani.github.io/blog) and
for projects like this.

Follow me on [dev.to/naveennamani](https://dev.to/naveennamani).

### &copy; Naveen Namani

Commit message:

added cli.js script to add new websites
* added rxjs website using new cli.js script
* updated dependencies
* updated README_template.md for consistent wording

README_template.md, after:

# Offline-docs

A collection of scripts to build offline documentation for your favourite
frameworks/libraries/projects. Simply search, copy/paste the commands and enjoy.

## Available projects

<!-- project_count -->

<!-- toc -->

## But why? / Motivation

Learning or working on a new language/framework/library often requires referring
to the official docs multiple times. With the rise of **Static Site Generation
(SSG)** many documentation sites are now open-source and can be built for
offline usage. This project aims to collect all such projects and the build
commands to have a knowledge of widely used SSG tools.

## How to contribute

Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## How to complain about faulty scripts

Open an issue with as detailed error messages as possible.

## Disclaimer

> All the content generated using the scripts mentioned in this repository are
> copyright of the owners of the repo from which the documentation is generated.
> Only use the generated content for personal use. Terms and conditions for
> sharing/modifying/distributing the generated content will be applicable as per
> the license terms of the original repo.

## How to use this repo

1. Find the framework/library/tool for which you want to build the documentation
   (you can search in the [Available Tools](#available-tools) or with
   <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F</kbd>)
1. Open a new terminal
1. Copy paste the commands shown
1. Open the output dir as mentioned in the last command (or) unarchive the
   .tar.gz file in your preferred location and rename the folder
1. Use any static site serving tools like
   [serve (npm package)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serve) or simply
   `python -m http.server`. (We recommend using serve package if no tool is
   specified by default)

<!-- content -->

---

## Todo

- [ ] Auto update of README.md on push to main
- [ ] Mozilla Developer Network

---

Visit my blog for latest articles related to web development
[https://naveennamani.github.io/blog](https://naveennamani.github.io/blog) and
for projects like this.

Follow me on [dev.to/naveennamani](https://dev.to/naveennamani).

### &copy; Naveen Namani
